They are born to run.
They inherit the names of
horses from another world,
This anime is a work of fiction that attempts to depict the stories behind real-world racehorses.
whose histories were sometimes tragic
and sometimes wonderful, and race on.
That is their fate.
No one knows how the races waiting in the
futures of these horse girls will end.
But they will continue to run, aiming only
toward the goal in front of them.
Tokyo Racecourse
Coming around the third turn
and going into the fourth,
Symboli Rudolf has remained in 7th or 8th place,
and has yet to make any major moves.
They're going around the fourth
turn, and they're clear of it!
Entering the final stretch now,
and Symboli Rudolf moves
to the outside of the pack!
With 200 meters to go!
Rudolf is moving up!
Pushing forward from the edge!
Symboli Rudolf is pushing forward
on the edge of the track!
S
y
m
b
o
l
i
R
u
d
o
l
f
The girls in front of her are doing their best,
trying to maintain their lead,
but Rudolf's legs are closing
the gap at an amazing clip!
Rudolf is cutting right past the competition,
and it's an amazing sight! She is
out in front with a clear lead now!
And Symboli Rudolf clears the goal!
She has managed to outrun
11 other horse girls,
with six consecutive wins,
laying claim to her second crown!
In her journey from a star of the
Japanese horse girl community
to a world-class competitor,
she first establishes herself
at the apex of her generation!
S-So cool!
I wanna... I wanna...
Congratulations, Rudolf.
Oh, Maruzensky. Thank you.
M
a
r
u
z
e
n
s
k
y
This is just fantastic!
Both the time, and the victory.
I'm not sure I would've won
if you had been competing.
Excuse me!
Huh? Kid, this isn't open to the public.
I... I wanna...
I wanna be a strong and cool horse
girl like you, Symboli Rudolf-san!
I see.
That's asking for a lot of trouble, you know.
To be like Rudolf-chan, you're going
to need talent, effort, and luck.
And you can't afford to miss a single one.
Keep that in mind.
Talent, effort, and luck?
She's a little young to understand all that.
The first thing you need to do
is enroll at Tracen Academy.
Okay!
Can you tell me your name?
I-It's Tokai Teio!
I'll remember it, then.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Fuchu, Tokyo
Mejiro McQueen has won the spring Tennoushou.
Tennoushou (Spring): Mejiro McQueen Wins!
Won it handily, I'd say.
And we've got more races to look forward to.
Aim for an undefeated Triple Crown!!
Honey Drink
Thick
Symboli Rudolf
There's only three weeks left
until the Japanese Derby.
And entering that will be arguably the most
popular horse girl out there, Tokai Teio!
Twinkle
The First Crown
T
h
e
F
i
r
s
t
C
r
o
w
n
She had an amazing showing
at at the Satsukishou!
Well, she's currently
undefeated with five wins.
I think we can all look forward to
seeing how she races at the Derby.
The Japanese Derby Is Coming Up! Tokai Teio Goes For Crown #2!
Coming up next—
Here we go.
T
o
k
a
i
T
e
i
o
Mayano, I'm heading out first.
Mayano
Top
Gun
I'll take a thick, extra-rich one,
heavy on the honey!
Thick, rich, and heavy
on the honey, coming up.
Thanks for coming by!
Hey, it's Tokai Teio!
Good luck in the Derby.
Hey, thanks!
Teio-san, can I get your autograph?
Sure thing!
Me, too!
And me!
I have to get to school eventually.
Good morning!
Good morning.
Hayakawa
Tazuna
Good morning!
Good morning.
Good morning, Mejiro McQueen-san.
M
e
j
i
r
o
M
c
Q
u
e
n
Good morning.
I'll be in your care again, today.
Good morning, Special Week-san.
S
p
e
c
i
a
l
W
e
k
Good morning!
Vodka-san, Daiwa Scarlet-san, good morning.
D
a
i
w
a
S
c
a
r
l
e
t
V
o
d
k
a
Good morning!
G
o
l
d
S
h
i
p
Good morning, Gold Ship-san.
G'morning.
Tazuna-san! Good morning!
Good morning, Tokai Teio-san.
Mejiro Ryan
You're running late, Teio!
Fuji
Kiseki
Guys? Huh... why are you all out here?
Come on, did you seriously forget?
They're having the open campus day today.
And our trainer...
Looks like Team Spica is going to be
hosting this year's open campus! Aw, yeah!
I bet...
I bet you just picked the
losing lot, didn't you?!
Lose
Gold Ship?
Right.
Oh, I remember now.
Inari One
It's a huge drag.
Oguri Cap
Everyone's going to have stars in their eyes,
Tamamo Cross
thinking about getting into Tracen Academy!
Super Creek
We need to do a good job as guides.
Spe-senpai, you're so straight-laced.
Well, if we're going to do it...
She's right!
Horse girls are supposed to give
people hopes and dreams, after all.
Let's get motivated!
You're always full of energy, huh, Teio?
K
i
n
g
H
a
l
o
S
e
i
u
n
S
k
y
There!
Open Campus
Huh? Is it crooked?
Welcome to Tracen Academy!
Here, take a pamphlet!
Huge, right?
A lap is the same distance
as the Tokyo Racecourse.
Narita Bryan
Hishi Amazon
The races among the Classics
considered part of the Triple Crown
What is a Triple Crown Horse Girl?
Satsukishou
Japanese Derby
Kikkashou
are the Satsukishou, the Japanese
Derby, and the Kikkashou...
As you can see, Tracen's got
athletics and academics covered.
These are races with
once-in-a-lifetime entry,
where the standout competitors
of a generation are—
Oguri Cap, head to the cafeteria immediately.
I don't need to.
Go. Now.
Athletics and academics...
Welcome to the Tracen Academy open campus!
Allow us to show you around.
Be sure to stay close so you don't get lost.
Haru
Urara
R-Right.
Library
So this is our library.
They've got all kinds of books here.
You've gotta be quiet, though.
Zenno
Rob
Roy
S
w
e
p
T
o
s
h
o
B
k
o
f
U
h
b
s
k
y
u
r
S
e
c
r
e
t
s
G
u
i
d
e
t
o
h
e
S
h
a
d
o
w
A
r
t
s
o
f
F
u
c
h
u
Holy
Rites
of
the
Sorcerer
Eckstra
Ebon
Gold
What are they reading?
And here we have the pool!
No fishes in it.
However!
Even if I was swimming against fishes...
H
i
s
h
i
A
k
e
b
o
n
Biko
Pegasus
I bet I could beat them
over a short distance!
This feels great!
Oh, dear.
Daitaku
Helios
Damn it!
Here we have the courtyard!
If you ever feel frustrated after a loss,
you can scream into that
stump to blow off some steam!
What is up with her?!
Her vibes are so sick!
They get me so hype!
Why do I feel this way?!
Are you sure she's yelling
about being frustrated?
Mejiro Palmer
Is there anything else you want to check out?
Air
Groove
Here at Tracen Academy, Horse Girls—
I...
I'm a super-big fan of yours, Tokai Teio-san!
Really?
You were so cool at the first race
of the Classics, the Satsukishou!
I'm impressed you know about the Classics.
Of course I do! The Satsukishou, the
Japanese Derby, and the Kikkashou!
You're the first horse
girl going into the Derby
undefeated since Symboli Rudolf, right?
I really want you to win the Japanese Derby!
I think you're amazing, Mejiro McQueen-san!
Congratulations on your win at the
spring Tennoushou the other day!
You were amazing! I think you're the most
dazzling of everyone in the Twinkle Series!
I want to be like you, McQueen-san!
And I want to be like you, Teio-san!
I wanna be a strong and cool horse
girl like you, Symboli Rudolf-san!
Then you'll have to work hard
and get into Tracen Academy!
What are your names?
I'm Kitasan Black!
K
i
t
a
s
n
B
l
a
c
k
S
a
t
o
n
D
i
a
m
o
n
d
I'm Satono Diamond!
Okay! I'll remember you two!
Machikane's
fortunes
tend to be
right
Stats Are Good, But So Are Fortunes
Best Value
M
e
i
s
h
o
D
t
o
M
a
c
h
i
k
a
n
e
F
u
k
i
t
a
r
u
Right now, the Twinkle Series is
revolving around Teio and McQueen.
But I come after them, right?
I see bad luck!
Machikane's
fortunes
tend to be
right
Stats Are Good, But So Are Fortunes
Best Value
You want a beating?
Good work on seeing the visitors
around on open campus day, everybody.
It wasn't any trouble! The kids
were so cute. It was a lot of fun!
Suzuka-san:
On Tour in America
Teio and McQueen are crazy popular!
Must be nice...
Well, McQueen proved
herself at the Tennoushou.
You're up next, Teio.
Yeah.
Keep on top of your condition,
and stay on top of it until
the day of the derby.
Leave it to me!
I'll be cheering you on from America.
Suzuka!
Good luck with the Derby.
S
i
l
e
n
c
e
S
u
z
k
a
Right!
If McQueen and Teio both win,
won't that make Team Spica a big deal?
Even though it was failing and on the
verge of being dissolved a while ago!
I'd say that my guidance is bearing fruit.
I mean, it really boils
down to my eye for talent.
You're all really lucky that
I ended up as your trainer—
Have fun cleaning up.
Teio...
The open campus was so much fun today!
And the kids were so cute.
It makes me nostalgic.
For what?
For the day we first met.
It was after I had won the Derby,
and was being interviewed by the press.
I think you were about as old
as the kids who came by today.
Yeah! When I was in elementary school.
You were so cool back then, Prez!
Although you still are.
How are you feeling? Do you
think you can win the Derby?
I don't think anything! I am gonna win it.
That sounds promising.
Yeah, because I made a promise!
So I'm going to become a strong and cool
horse girl, just like Symboli Rudolf-san!
My goal is to win the Triple Crown
undefeated, just like you!
The second step is winning
the Derby, so I have to win!
Right. I'll be looking forward to it.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Teio, move up to the front!
Okay!
Here I come!
The last stretch of the Derby
isn't gonna be this breezy, Teio!
Move those legs!
Man...
Wow...
Honestly, those two can be so childish.
My eyes!
This is really good.
N
i
c
e
N
a
t
u
r
e
Are you not eating?
Allow me, then!
Oh, come on! If you eat like that,
you're gonna get fat.
Still, the Derby...
You really are something, Teio.
The derby is a once-in-a-lifetime race
to determine the top horse girl...
I didn't have the luck to be involved,
but I bet you end up the most popular.
Hey!
What is it, Twin Turbo?
T
w
i
n
T
u
r
b
o
Well, you see, I got into
Team Canopus, just like you, sis!
Really?
That means it's gonna be
Canopus's time to shine now,
because it's got a big-shot
rising star named Turbo!
You're declaring that about yourself?
Teio! I'm gonna beat you at the Derby!
I trained a whole bunch!
You can't even enter the Derby.
I can't?! For real?!
Then I'll win at the Kikkashou!
races
And there you are.
Thanks!
Japanese Derby
The Japanese Derby is tomorrow, right?
Yeah!
I'm rooting for you to
win the Derby, Teio-san!
Gold
City
Hishi
Amazon
Thank you so much!
I should drop by the shrine on my way home.
McQueen?
Oh?
Are you training on your own?
Yes, the Takarazuka Kinen is coming up.
Oh, right.
I'm gonna become the number one horse girl in Japan!
—Special Week
I want to win the G1! —Mejiro Ryan
The Derby is tomorrow.
Yep.
Are you nervous?
A little bit. It's the race I've been
dreaming about since I was tiny.
Besides, you won the Tennoushou!
It'd be super lame if I lost
after my rival won, right?
So I'm gonna win, no matter what!
See you!
Rivals...
Okay!
That's going on Umastagram.
Symboli Rudolf
Aim for an undefeated Triple Crown!!
Tokyo Racecourse
The sports entertainment spectacle
that captivates the entire nation,
the Twinkle Series.
I'm Akasaka on play-by-play, and
on commentary we have Hosoe-san.
It's a pleasure to be here.
The main race of the day
is the Japanese Derby!
Japanese Derby
An event so popular,
the Tokyo Racecourse is at full capacity,
with some folks unlucky
enough to be left outside.
Admittance Limitations
in Effect
For the fans unable to
make it here in person,
Japanese Derby
today's races are going to be
broadcast live around the world.
America
And appearing last, in the eighth bracket,
is the most popular girl in this race...
Tokai Teio!
Teio!
No one in the eighth bracket
has ever won before, have they?
Seriously?! That's bad news for Tokai Teio.
The fact that this course starts
out with a curve so early
puts the girl in the eighth
bracket at a disadvantage.
I think Teio's the one who will determine
whether or not that's the case.
Teio-san!
Good luck!
Thanks!
See ya!
It doesn't seem like we need to worry.
You look ready to go!
Yep! I'm looking forward to the
victory concert after I win!
Someone's sure they're gonna win!
I'll be cheering for you,
Teio... as your rival.
Okay, I'm off!
Good luck! You can do it! Yeah!
Let's do this!
The second most popular pick for this
race, Rionatal, has arrived on the turf.
Good luck!
This feels kind of like fate!
The Triple-Crown horse girl Mister CB
has pinned her hopes
on the third most popular horse girl,
Cedar Blade, who has arrived on the field.
M
i
s
t
e
r
C
B
This feels like it might
be something like destiny.
And next is the currently
undefeated horse girl, Tokai Teio.
We are all eager to know if she'll
be able to secure her second win
after the Satsukishou in her
pursuit of the Triple Crown.
Wow, all of Team Rigil is
present and accounted for.
The ace of our rival team is racing,
so it benefits us to observe.
We're rivals now? What an honor.
She might just make it happen.
Winning the Triple Crown while undefeated?
Yeah.
There's nothing wrong with
having lofty goals, but...
But what, Hana-san?
Never mind.
Japanese Derby
The competitors are entering their brackets.
The horse girls are waiting
at their gates, ready to go.
Last up is Tokai Teio, and she seems calm.
She walks up to the gate with an
expression that conveys confidence.
Winning this race, she would earn her second crown
while undefeated after the Satsukishou,
but will she be able to bring home the win?
As hopes and cheers are rising ever higher,
and the Tokyo Yushun, the Japanese Derby...
has now begun!
Nice! That's a good start!
You should give her some
pointers on her start.
Put a sock in it.
The horse girls are staying close to the
center as they approach the first turn.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven...
Tokai Teio is in eighth place,
eighth place and on the outside
as they enter the first turn.
Eighth place...
I'll have to run on the outside,
but that'll let me get a feel for the others!
I can do this!
Watch me, Prez!
Looks like starting on the outside
hasn't been much of a problem.
Do you remember what you told
Teio long ago, Maruzensky?
To be like Rudolf-chan, you're going
to need talent, effort, and luck.
And you can't afford to miss a single one.
Keep that in mind.
Yes, of course.
Teio's naturally flexible knees
and ankles give her talent.
And she's put in more effort
than anyone else, every day.
That leaves luck.
Well, they do say that the luckiest
horse girls tend to win the Derby.
You could almost say today's
race is a test of Teio's luck.
Teio-san...
They're approaching the third
turn from the backstretch,
with Tokai Teio in seventh
place on the outside.
Teio's being forced to run on the outside.
It's okay!
Don't you think that the outside is
easier to run on in a straightaway?
There's no crowding, and the
turf is in better shape.
She'll zip past them all in the last stretch!
They're rounding the fourth turn!
Tokai Teio has moved up through
sixth and fifth place!
No one in front me. All right!
Whoa!
Tokai Teio, here I go!
Tokai Teio is going hard in the last spurt!
Tokai Teio, moving up on the outside!
She's climbing fast!
I can't!
With four hundred meters to go,
Tokai Teio pushes through!
I can't!
She's made it to the top!
But there are other horse girls on her tail!
Wow, impressive!
She'll feel like she's flying now.
And Tokai Teio breaks away!
Tokai Teio is clear!
Tokai Teio is still clear!
She's three lengths ahead! Now four!
There's no questioning it! Not anymore!
Starting on the outside hasn't
been any problem for her!
Tokai Teio blazes onward!
Go!
And Tokai Teio... has won the Japanese Derby!
Japanese Derby
She obtains her Double Crown!
This was an absolute blowout!
Tokai Teio wins the Japanese Derby,
becoming the first undefeated Double
Crown winner since Symboli Rudolf!
She did it!
Teio! Teio! Teio!
And they're calling her name!
The crowd is calling for Teio!
Teio! Teio! Teio!
Teio might have just outdone the Emperor.
I guess prodigies really do exist,
as frustrating as that might be.
Nicely done. Con—
Save the congratulations for
after she wins the Kikkasho.
She still hasn't accomplished
her goal, after all.
It's time for the Winning Concert,
where the brightest horse girls get to shine!
And in the center position is the undefeated
victor of the Derby, Tokai Teio!
We might be looking at the first
undefeated Triple Crown winner
since Symboli Rudolf.
The impulse that races through
me at the speed of light
is the determination to make my
wish come true, no matter what it costs!
(No fear)
It's once in a lifetime
(Trust you)
And in this moment
I'm gonna bet it all
Believing in myself!
If luck is what you really need sometimes
I'll find a way to make the
melody of fate play my number
Episode 1
Tokai Teio
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today